List the members of your group.

Hiu Man(Stephanie) Lam, Janet Loyola, Jieyi Chen


Give a 1-2 paragraph description of your project.  Include the title, possible questions to explore, datasets, and brief plan of attack.

Title:
Yelp Dataset Analysis

Project Description:
In this project, we will analyze the Yelp Dataset that contains local businesses in 11 cities across 4 countries. Here are some possible problems that we are interested in:

1) What are the popular seasons for different types of businesses?
2) How does a business's location (separated by countries) affect its success?
3) What are the correlations between the business categories?
4) How does a guest's review rating correlate with the common positive or negative words used in the reviews?
5) What are the top 10 businesses in each category that have higher rating/stars in Yelp?
6) What are some common personality or characteristics that an active Yelp user have?
7) How does the check-in time vary in different business categories?
8) What is the correlation between tips and reviews (extract tips from reviews)?

 

Datasets:
https://www.yelp.com/dataset_challenge
The datasets contain five json files, in which includes information about the business, check-in, review, tip and user.


Plan of Attack:
1) Read the json files
3) Dig into each file and find the correlation between different variables
4) Plot the business locations after separating them into different categories
5) Find the most common words from the reviews and check how they can predict the guest's review rating
6) Analyze the users' votes, compliments and time on Yelp to predict their personality
7) Group the check-in time and see how different business categories fall into the different time ranges 
8) Compare the common words that are used in tips and reviews and see how they match with each other

What is the URL for your github repository?  It should be of the form http://github.com/username/reponame (Links to an external site.).

Link: https://github.com/chloechen1995/STA-141B-Project.git

